README.md, before:

## Synopsis

This is a simple code to extract data information from an excel (with a predefined format) and send it to a new Replicon expense sheet using webservices.

## Motivation

Simplify my expenses reports

## Installation

1. Install Python - https://www.python.org/downloads/ (I am using python 3.7)

2. Check if python is in the path environment variable

    a) Command+r > type "rundll32 sysdm.cpl,EditEnvironmentVariables"

    b) Check if there is somenthing like "C:\Program Files (x86)\Python37-32\scripts;C:\Program Files (x86)\Python37-32" in the PATH variable

    c) Add it if necessary

3. Open a command window and install the required python modules using the following commands:
```
pip install xlwings reportlab PyPDF2 simplejson requests pypiwin32 pdfkit isoweek
```

4. Install de xlwings addon on excel typing the following command on a command window:
```
xlwings addin install
```

5. Garantee that the Project Name Format in your replicon is set to "Name - Code"

	a) Login on your Replicon account
	
	b) Go to settings (engine wheel - upper right corner)
	
	c) Change "Project Name Format" to "Name - Code"

## API Reference

xlwings - http://docs.xlwings.org/en/stable/quickstart.html

## Author
* **Thiago Weidman**

## Contributors
* **Danilo Passos** - The guy who made the worksheet template (Yeap, I stole the idea).
* **Rodrigo Tomazeli** - The Beta tester and "implementer"
* **Manuel Cardoso** - The new features specifier :)

Commit message:

feature/packaging (#6)
* changing project structure to package the code
(committing the main class separately)

* changing project structure to package the code:
- moved Replicon class declaration to package __init__
- added repl number cleaning to clean_xl function on replicon_ws
- changed the excel macros to call procedures from the new replicon package

* changed project uri lookup

* files selection simplified using glob

* FIXED: PyMyPDF exited without exception when a already read file was closed before the destination folder

* Ended configuration of travis CD

README.md, after:

## Synopsis

This is a simple code to extract data information from an excel (with a predefined format) and send it to a new Replicon expense sheet using webservices.

## Motivation

Simplify my expenses reports

## Installation

1. Install Python - https://www.python.org/downloads/ (I am using python 3.7)

2. Check if python is in the path environment variable

    a) Command+r > type "rundll32 sysdm.cpl,EditEnvironmentVariables"

    b) Check if there is somenthing like "C:\Program Files (x86)\Python37-32\scripts;C:\Program Files (x86)\Python37-32" in the PATH variable

    c) Add it if necessary

3. Open a command window and install the required python modules using the following command:
```
pip install repl_uploader
```

4. Install de xlwings addon on excel typing the following command on a command window:
```
xlwings addin install
```

5. Garantee that the Project Name Format in your replicon is set to "Name - Code"

	a) Login on your Replicon account
	
	b) Go to settings (engine wheel - upper right corner)
	
	c) Change "Project Name Format" to "Name - Code"

6. When a new release is available, upgrade with the following command:
```
pip install --upgrade repl_uploader
```

## API Reference

xlwings - http://docs.xlwings.org/en/stable/quickstart.html

## Author
* **Thiago Weidman**

## Contributors
* **Danilo Passos** - The guy who made the worksheet template (Yeap, I stole the idea).
* **Rodrigo Tomazeli** - The Beta tester and "implementer"
* **Manuel Cardoso** - The new features specifier :)
